this video is brought by Apple Campus
join the free renovators arts
competition for students by visiting
Apple Campus Commerce is Gloria she
studies a Southwest University in
Chongqing child and her unique major is
called broadcasting and hosting through
schools she's been on national Chinese
television and even hosted celebrities
at the Vancouver Film Festival and
that's where I met her she starts every
morning by practicing her books what do
you do after this we'll go to H oh I'm
hungry let's go let's go now it's about
7:30 we just finished Lynch I'm
practicing our voices I'm hungry as hell
so we're walking to the maesters yeah
she shuns me another Shanga challenge oh
my god this looks so good
that's right this whole bowl of noodles
is only like one point five dollars if
you convert it back to seven yen other
than that restaurant we just a tad
there's like a whole street of these
little noodle shops or shouts ooh that
was a good meal right now she's calling
a motorcycle to go to class because the
campus is so big here there's a bunch of
dedicated motorcycle riders you can call
and they'll take you to your class for
like 2 or 3 yen
[Music]
this is mister steal yo girl the campus
favorite motorcycle rider
[Music]
there's only room for one so uh I got a
walk what class is this voice oh that's
pretty cool she's going into pretty deep
details as you can tell by the student
sitting in this class 90% of this major
is girls and to get into here as a guy I
had to act as her cousin in China the
guys can't release with the girls
because their dorms are separated by
gender and there's a guard over there
that signs of this is a girls dormitory
all boys
please stop also they don't have
elevators so we have to climb ten floors
up let's go oh my god this is so tiring
ten floors all by foot
[Music]
how come you show the child I'll just
search wrong though should yeah
hopefully she'll what is this hotel just
show me sheesh are you going to look for
the chun jung-bae demodulate so let's go
ma why is she back Oh
[Laughter]
after morning it's finally time for
lunch
let's go we're in the cafeteria this is
one of many cafeterias they have I think
the best part about Chinese universities
is the school cafeteria one it's so good
and two it's actually really cheap I had
the same thing at Xinhua we had like 10
different cafeterias each meal only
costs less than $3
[Music]
this is the Central Library there's so
many floors here I think it's like 10
floors it's like apples face ID
shockingly this library also has a room
dedicated to storing pictures of
ex-girlfriend's but wait doesn't that
mean they're now single as a romantic
city of stars right now we're on our way
to the student union conference because
she's the student union president so
she's so she has to give a speech there
to inspire the students for the rest of
the semester what's it like being the
student union president in China so it's
more involved with the teachers and the
school directly rather than its
independent Club here right yeah okay
that's cool all right
right now we're heading into a student
conference this is the biggest one of
the year where they're gonna discuss the
goals for the whole entire next semester
so it's really important
this got real boring real fast so while
she's talking let me show you this
exciting renovators online competition
hosted by Oppo and by the way you don't
want to miss what we're doing after this
so watch unto the end
[Music]
the two big things here that were
interested in is technology and humanity
it's always disruptive it's always
difficult to deal with technology with
new technologies in particular we must
really find our place in the digital
world and focus on ourselves and our
desires so really we want some amazing
ideas to show us to show us how design
can change your junior twenty five point
yet you can win $50,000 in cash prizes
just by posting Instagram photos of your
art the conference is officially over
we are now heading out of campus for
dinner
holger these school shuttles are only
one yen which is like 20 cents per ride
but it's a little bit slower than the
motorcycles
this is very cool
we just finished class and for dinner
today we're gonna eat tong ting tong Lao
go tone - now hugger
[Music]
jiggers tension I call it live
no flavor yeah bonfire Wow I want to
thank you for showing me around your
school and I want to thank you for
watching my name is happy girl click
that subscribe button and don't forget
to turn on notifications because these
videos you won't find anywhere else
on you
[Music]
goodbye and don't forget to sign up for
the renovators arts competition hosted
by offal campus link is in the
description below
[Music]